docs: updated create-medusa-app based on admin plugin changes (#3567)
medusajs/medusa: docs/content/create-medusa-app.mdx

> 

Reviewer: todo: The introduction in the doc should also reflect the updated message:
```
In this document, you’ll learn how to use create-medusa-app to set up a Medusa server and an optional storefront.
```

## Overview

> Medusa is composed of three different components: a Node.js backend, the storefront, and the admin dashboard.

Reviewer: suggestion: We should rewrite this overview section to align with our updated positioning. What I mean is Medusa is no longer only composed of three different components, but we are now moving toward being a toolkit for any type of commerce application. 

I can write out a suggestion, if you think it makes sense.

Author: Thanks for the suggestion! I think that makes a lot of sense. I changed up the overview section to reflect that, but feel free to make suggestions for additional changes in it

> Medusa provides developers with the toolkit to create a commerce application including a Node.js backend that encapsulates the core package and the commerce modules, an admin dashboard, and a storefront. Developers can set up and use these tools separately, giving them a full ownership over their tech stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Medusa is a toolkit for developers to create digital commerce applications. In its simplest form, Medusa is a Node.js server with the core API, plugins, and modules installed through npm. In this Node.js server, you can extend your application with custom entities, endpoints, services, and more. You can learn more about customizing Medusa in the dedicated documentation.
```

> In certain cases, it can make more sense to setup all the main building blocks together, such as when you're creating a fully fledged ecommerce store, or if you're curious about how Medusa works and what features it offers. For these cases, you can use the `create-medusa-app` command.

Reviewer: todo: I think we can leave out this paragraph, as you can use `create-medusa-app` regardless of how you want to build your applications.

> When you run the `create-medusa-app` command, you’ll install a Medusa backend, and optionally a Medusa admin and a storefront at the same time.

Reviewer: todo: We can remove this, as this is already mentioned in the beginning of the overview.
```suggestion
```

:::note

> If you instead want to quickly install and setup only a Medusa backend, follow [this quickstart guide](./development/backend/install.mdx) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you only want to set up a Medusa server, follow [this quickstart guide](./development/backend/install.mdx) instead.
```
